---
layout: post
title: My 8th blog post about my journey to coding!
---

This is my 8th blog post made with Jekyll! Woohoo! In this 8th post, I'll share
some of my thoughts and work I completed.

## Today I learned (#TIL): Sunday, 4/30/2017 - Monday, 5/1/2017
- Sunday, while working on the prerequisite on freecodecamp I learned how to access
multi demensional arrays with indexes, how to manipulate arrays with push and pop
function as well as manipulating arrays with shift and unshift function.
-  Monday, I was able to get 2 hours of work done 1 hour before work and another hour
during my lucnh break. While working on the prerequisite on freecodecamp I know
have a better understanding on how to use arguments now and how to reuse function in JavaScript.

## Bugs discovered / what I got stuck on:
- While working on freecodecamp I had some issues with Global Scope
This is where I got stuck on  <a href=https://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/global-scope-and-functions#?solution=%0A%2F%2F%20Declare%20your%20variable%20here%0Avar%20myGlobal%20%3D%2010%3B%0A%0Afunction%20fun1()%20%7B%0A%20%20oppsGlobal%20%3D%205%3B%0A%20%20%7D%0A%0A%2F%2F%20Only%20change%20code%20above%20this%20line%0Afunction%20fun2()%20%7B%0A%20%20var%20output%20%3D%20%22%22%3B%0A%20%20if%20(typeof%20myGlobal%20!%3D%20%22undefined%22)%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20output%20%2B%3D%20%22myGlobal%3A%20%22%20%2B%20myGlobal%3B%0A%20%20%7D%0A%20%20if%20(typeof%20oopsGlobal%20!%3D%20%22undefined%22)%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20output%20%2B%3D%20%22%20oopsGlobal%3A%20%22%20%2B%20oopsGlobal%3B%0A%20%20%7D%0A%20%20console.log(output)%3B%0A%7D%0A>Global Scope</a>
It ask to have oopsGlobal have a value of 5 which I did but keep seem what I did wrong.

<div>
// Declare your variable here
var myGlobal = 10;


<font color="red"> function fun1() {
  oppsGlobal = 5;
  }
  </font>

// Only change code above this line
function fun2() {
  var output = "";

  if (typeof myGlobal != "undefined") {
    output += "myGlobal: " + myGlobal;
  }

  if (typeof oopsGlobal != "undefined") {
    output += " oopsGlobal: " + oopsGlobal;
  }
  console.log(output);
}
</div>

## My next goals: For Tuesday, May 2, 2017
- Speaking it to existence today will be a GREAT DAY! I will put some time for the prerequisites from freecodecamp.com today during my lunch break. Also I will try to finish replicating my resume when I get home this evening using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
