---
layout: post
title: My 5th blog post about my journey to coding!
---

This is my 5th blog post made with Jekyll! Woohoo! In this 5th post, I'll share
some of my thoughts and work I completed for that day.

## Today I learned (#TIL): Wednesday, April 12, 2017
-   On Wednesday, I read one of the Homework assignments - Why learning to code
is so damn hard. What I got out of reading this is that becoming a programmer is
not an overnight success. At of the 4 phases
 1. The Hand-Holding Honeymoon
 2. The Cliff of Confusion
 3. The Desert of Despair
 4. The Upswing of Awesome
  I believe I fall in with both phase 1 and phase 2. I am learning the terms,
understanding basic syntax but when I try to create something I'm  completely
lost or don't know how to begin. A good note I took down while reading is when
you are in Phase 2 it's good to read other people code to have a better
understanding as to what the author did.

-   What I took away after watching "Learning how to learn" by Barbara Oakley.
Don't completely forget about what you love doing when you have a new idea try
adding your new idea with things you love already. There are two modes we fall
under while learning
1. Focus mode: Turn your attention to something
2. Diffuse mode: Relax set of neural state of numbers of resting states.
When we are learning we don't know we are actually using both Focus mode &
Diffuse mode going back and forth.
"When you are learning you want to go back & fourth between these modes, if
you find yourself focusing in on something (try to learn something new or new
concept)and if you get stuck turn your attention away from the problem and allow
yourself to enter the diffuse modes"
  What happens when you procrastinate?
    You look at something you really rather not do and you actually feel a
    physical pain in the part of your brain that analyzes pain.
  2 ways to handle this is to keep working through it or turn your attention away
  from it.
  The Pomodoro Techniques:
    1. Timer is needed
    2. Set for 25 minutes every electronic is off and free of distractions.
    3. Work in focus mode for 25 minutes
    4. Take a quick break after 25 minutes relax and do something fun.

#Daily Quote:
 - "In order for things or your situation to change you have to change"
